to review he evokes his really myriam hallway multiplex governed is
quite extraordinary that the Senate voted the voters all are featured
for me I did not come only for myself in the ladies to pay tribute
not all the liga players went to the dieudonné show of the
census many reasons for the recoil that emerges from which hard knocks
things job positions wonderfully last
so noted a rotten season in addition with the departure of the cars mangane of the
hard diary
subscriptions and offloading drops thanks to you guys thanks we can
contrast them on the other hand
but if I can afford like all the players I love who are there what
evening
bastos reports he
extraordinary but for a coat of talent you have to say things differently
this request to the child ceded to lick the ol the tablets asshole
emergency one year
high-mass format even be extraordinary not the torso
a breath of fresh air for the direction of the slope
and those who would join the lead for the whole of France what the
things be terms of the deal if media to panthers duration of gourcuff
it is on this postulate of the talent but it is also because the last ones
revelations of the championship enjoy samir nasri
athenes dan ar braz
dismissed a new death sentence
debates jobs begin to feel the wand as a stunt
while
but after 1h39
it is France that we do not like pressure or 8 years are all
colors of the team from another team i believe in europe cup
approach this use of colors at the right time to produce organic like this
employment project
defeated Sweden leave at the right time 3-of-the-province and that has
players who have a hard time understanding that we have to leave
in front of you that the mesh meet club presidents
so no case openly given list of transferred players but who
do not actually take a ride in the upper half of his surroundings yet
the stations so I'm still super bishop so jérôme rothen psg
she is very fine and jerome not worth going back to the day camp of
rest to devote to the writing of consumed tuna
caterpillar is a lion
the greatest transfer in the history of the om
so that's the first thing to remember that for abidjan p
double news
p ronaldo at the bar for m and the survival of the planet with the name ronaldo we knew
we were really
now we need to plan and investment
moussa sissoko
you had to pilot I'm still a little dad no because
you are 19 years old
understand what we're getting not you see that my dad what's really for nothing
no no no
it must be said things know sir undocumented who has no problem
I am also to say that hospitals for paper practices
do not put to do the most legendary cottonou practices and the
prepare to go grandfathers to senegal to mali
therefore a little more and more to fly really low
and if I'm I can afford one last thing the stand I want because
that novartis I would like to remind everyone and the particles to the players
that tonight the court
this morning for the ceremony
that too old country weight
as in the major issues of Basque
the people is not sending sms or my father much more devotees during
the lodging of a complaint by the person concerned
the block estimated in an interview that we spoke to you not too important
that the three points the three points
but when I believe that in the nightclub in the polls it is important not to
not be aware much higher europe hopes a dream
fabrice pancrate lyrics have been known
but here's anyway increase with all that the leaders and planned
in all the English media all parts
thanks for the happiness you give i am very happy and then steve savidan
thanks a lot of hours
that's what
this day my sporting life can not be maintained